along with chapatis naan is the most
basic accompaniment to Indian food the
shop book version is convenient but
tends to be more cake-like than the
traditional variety and nothing beats
making it yourself
so my favor the thing about this it is
just so easy to do great so I know you
love Naruto have you got some simple
flour baking powder uh-huh
it's sugar salt salt 1/2 teaspoon okay
sugar no your nan is sweeter than it is
salt so maybe a half a teaspoon 1/2 yeah
okay mix it all together so that is all
your dry ingredients I'm making a well
and it's just milk and a little bit of
oil to keep it soft
okay I'm pouring it straight in the
middle what I want you to put your hands
straight in okay really slowly kind of
keep mixing and just move your wrist
right keep drawing the flour down from
the sides I say you just gradually get a
larger soil exactly what you're looking
for is a soft dough not sticky right now
this is a very forgiving go so say for
instance you've put in too much liquid
add a bit more flour to dry add a bit
liquid so at some stage you can just tip
that on to the counter okay and just
have a really good need have you needed
it bread before I've eaten it I haven't
need in it it's just a matter of pushing
it away yep and then kind of bringing it
back just make it a nice rhythmic action
like you're giving a massage to the
bread we want the naan nice and soft so
it does require kneading about 10
minutes or so let me have a feel that's
good this is the only hard work involved
and I think it's a really good stress
Buster but this sort of thing is it
freezable um dough freezes really well
actually I mean you could even make up
the naan and then freeze it and kind of
just warm it through in the oven really
I like the way that looks that looks
quite good to me nice border so now I
just needs to rest
I'm just gonna put a bit of oil in the
bowl so it doesn't stick right right
we've given the dough a fair pounding so
now it needs an hour to rest in a warm
spot this allows it to rise a little and
gives me the chance to melt some butter
to spread on top has it increased in
volume Paul
here's your nun here's your rolling pin
uh-huh what is your topping my choice I
do like coriander coriander coriander it
is how did you get that to actually stay
sort of all in place I'm gonna do this
ooh I can do that and actually know what
I do also like to do sometimes as none
is to Crickett uh-huh just sometimes it
stops it kind of fluffing up like a pita
bread right and that's it that's none
well almost
now it has to be cooked take your nan
and slap it down traditionally this is
done using a superheated Thunder oven
but that doesn't mean you can't do it at
home so as you can see I've been heating
up a baking pan yeah and I put the grill
on to as hot as it can get I'm basically
just leave it and it will cook by itself
it takes just like a minute and quick
that point you don't really want the
whole night to be colored it should be
white with lots of lovely brown okay
looks very nice lovely done all right
should we have a taste test oh yes
please oh it's hot though asbestos
things as you said right yeah that's it
all right
mmm
very nice and that was so quick to do it
yeah very impressed